[docs] update kubectl exec commands to use binary names directly (#4818)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/deploy/kubernetes/multi-cluster/gke/helm-chart.md

Run the following command to make the replica placement region/cluster-aware so that one replica is placed on each region/cluster.

```sh
kubectl exec -it -n yb-demo-us-west1-b --context gke_yugabyte_us-west1-b_yugabytedb1 yb-master-0 -- bash \
-c "/home/yugabyte/master/bin/yb-admin --master_addresses yb-master-0.yb-masters.yb-demo-us-west1-b.svc.cluster.local:7100,yb-master-0.yb-masters.yb-demo-us-central1-b.svc.cluster.local:7100,yb-master-0.yb-masters.yb-demo-us-east1-b.svc.cluster.local:7100 modify_placement_info gke.us-west1.us-west1-b,gke.us-central1.us-central1-b,gke.us-east1.us-east1-b 3"
```

> Go to `http://<external-ip>:7000/cluster-config` to see the new configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the new configuration, open your web browser and navigate to `http://<external-ip>:7000/cluster-config`.
```
